Swamp
talling massive trees throughout the
swamp provide new movement opportunities
for agile resourceful pilots as well as
intermittent cover in tighten to tighten
combat
run off combat takes place of multiple
elevations between the upper passages
the main deck and the low-lying drainage
canals sometimes across long sidelines
requiring pilots to develop a strong
understanding of this industrial
battleground
wargames characterized by long
transparent wall running paths and a
confined central corridor this
simulation places a premium on each
pilots ability to discover new ways to
use these strategic routes against their
foes